Hello everyone, my name is Samar from
Tiny AI. If you have been following Open
Clock, you probably know it's one of the
hottest open-source AI agent framework
right now. It lets AI actually take
actions, not just answer questions. But
there is one problem. It can get
expensive fast. Even simple task like
organizing your desktop can burn tens of
thousands of tokens. So today I want to
show you something different. This is
tiny bot a local AI agent system built
on top of open claw and more importantly
we are running it entirely on our AI
pocket lab powered by open model like
GLM flash that means it's fully offline
zero cloud cost zero token and 247
private AI assistant in this demo I'll
show you four real use case scenarios
the First one is file organizing and
Q&A. Second is automated web information
collection. Third is multi-step agent
workflows. Fourth is code file analysis
all running locally.
Let's jump in.
Okay, this is our first case here on my
desktop. I have a bunch of real work
files. It's quite messy, but we all have
that. So we have design documents, PDFs,
slides, meeting notes, PR materials and
I simply hand everything to Tinybot and
miracle happens. It automatically
organizes indexes and build a local
knowledge base. Everything happens
directly on Tiny. Nothing is uploaded to
the cloud.
Now I can just ask, hey, summarize the
key PR highlights from the Tiny AI
pocket lab GWR launch.
And within seconds it generate an
accurate summary. That's the power of
local RA.
Your company knowledge and private data
stays completely secure while still
being searchable with AI.
Next, let's try something more complex.
Complex like going above and beyond and
surprises. I give it a task. Collect all
unofficial tiny post from X in the last
15 days and organize them into a table
with a host name, title, and even post
time. Now, let's watch what happens.
Actually, it took 6 minutes, but we just
fast forwarded it to save more time.
Wow, it doesn't just answer once. It
actually works step by step. We started
with searching, then opening pages and
extracting the data, analyzing all the
metrics and compiling everything into a
table.
Final command, save it to my Mac. This
is a true multi-step agent workflow. It
behaves like a real assistant that can
browse and complete tasks on its own.
And because it runs on tiny AI pocket
lab, it can operate all day, low power,
fully offline with zero API fees.
Okay, here we are solving another world
problem. As business is expanding
globally in separate time zones and we
all need to sleep. Hence, we are not
available 24/7. To solve this, we are
introducing our third case. Here we use
tiny bot to manage our discord group and
to answer every questions. If it's
general questions, it will be taken care
by agents. But for complicated ones, it
will ask me in WhatsApp and once I give
a green flag with my answer, it will
publish in Discord group and I will get
my peaceful sleep thanks to TinyBot.
Now let's look at one more real world
example. The demo shown here is TinyBot
parsing local code files. My
instructions are simple. on the mounted
Mac. Analyze and interpret two
open-source project for me. Let's see
how it runs. It's currently finding and
analyzing the files. I have speed it up
here, but it only took 4 minutes to
complete. Wow, the analysis for both
projects is completely correct. This be
like I'll surprise you with every turn.
And that's Tinybot running on Tiny AI
Pocket Lab, an open-source agent system
powered by OpenCloud combined with a
pocketsiz local AI computer. No cloud
dependency, no token cost, and your data
always stays with you. If this is the
kind of local AI future you want to see,
check out our Kickstarter campaign and
follow the project. We love to see your
support. And if there are other agents
workflow or demo you would like us to
build, leave us a comment and let us
know. Thanks for watching. See you next
time.